---
title: Meetings
search:
  exclude: false
---

# Meetings

## F2F - 2022-09-20

??? info "Attendance"

    James Black, Mike Stackhouse + 10 PHUSE members

To be planned

!!! check "Action items"
 
    * Add content linking out to validation
    * Culture of issues and PRs is quite foriegn, so shoud acknowledge that
    * In terms of the value of OS, key points are:
       * amplify efforts 
       * decrease review times
       * quicker onboarding

## Kickoff - 2022-06-01

??? info "Attendance"

    * Anders Bilgrau
    * Chintan Patel
    * Estella Dong
    * JZT (Jesper Zeth)
    * Keaven Anderson
    * Mike Stackhouse
    * James Black

Kick off meeting agenda: 

- Intros 
- Discuss plan for White Paper  

Notes: 

- [E2E-OS- Guidance Discussions on Github](https://github.com/phuse-org/E2E-OS-Guidance/discussions/1)  
- On github, we should vote on what information should be collected to help community with open source 
    - Thumbs up emoji if you agree a topic is in scope  
    - Thumbs down for out of scope  
    - Eyes emoji if you think topic needs discussing  
- Condense long titles to keywords  
- James to write up chosen topics in a document and store in Teams 

Timelines 

- Bi weekly meetings 
- Katie to send out doodle 
- Projects typically reach end goal within a year  
- Aim to produce White Paper within 6 months  

Next Steps: 

- Pin down points to include in White Paper to manage scope  
- Summarize discussion points to figure out outline of White Paper  

AOB: 

CSS 

- Registration now open! Register before 1 July to benefit from discounted Early Bird rate  
- Call for Posters now live! Submit an abstract before 10 June  

CSS Timeline  

!!! check "Action items"
 

    * Katie to set up a doodle to find best time to meet bi-weekly 
    * Katie to add Sam Hume to the team 
    * Suggest or vote for topics in Github discussion 
